Step 1 Prepare your iPhone for disassembly Let your phone's battery drain below 25% before starting this repair—a charged lithium‑ion battery may catch fire if damaged. Unplug all cables from your phone. Hold the power and either volume button and slide to power off your phone. Add a comment
Step 2 Tape over any cracks If your screen or back glass is cracked, lay overlapping strips of packing tape over the glass to protect yourself and make disassembly easier. Make sure there's a smooth area near the bottom edge that's big enough for a suction cup to stick to. Add a comment
Step 3 Mark your opening picks If inserted too far, an opening pick can damage your device. Follow this step to mark your pick and prevent damage. Measure 3 mm from the tip and mark the opening pick with a permanent marker. You can also mark the other corners of the pick with different measurements. Alternatively, tape a coin to a pick 3 mm from the tip. 9 comments
Step 4 Remove the pentalobe screws Use a P2 pentalobe screwdriver to remove the two 7 mm‑long screws on either side of the charging port. Add a comment
Step 5 Secure the back glass TOOL USED ON THIS STEP: Clampy - Anti-Clamp €24.95 Buy The next four steps demonstrate the Anti-Clamp, a tool we designed to make the opening procedure easier. If you aren't using the Anti-Clamp, skip down four steps for an alternate method. For complete instructions on how to use the Anti-Clamp, check out this guide. The Anti-Clamp applies suction to both the screen and the back glass. To open the screen, you need to secure the back glass with tape. You can also check out the full instructions on how to use this tape. Cut two strips of tape, apply them along the long edges of the phone, and fold them over the back glass to secure it. Add a comment
Step 6 Secure an Anti-Clamp Pull the Anti-Clamp's blue handle backward to unlock the arms. With the screen facing up, slide the arms over the left edge of your phone, with one suction cup on the screen and the other on the back glass. Center the suction cups near the bottom edge. Support your phone so it rests level while between the Anti-Clamp's arms—a small box works well. Squeeze the cups together to create suction. If you find that the surface of your iPhone is too slippery for the Anti-Clamp to hold onto, use tape to create a grippier surface. Add a comment
Step 7 Create a gap under the screen Pull the blue handle forward to lock the arms. Turn the handle one full turn (360 degrees) or until the cups start to stretch. As the cups stretch, make sure they stay vertically aligned with each other. If they tend to slip, remove the Anti-Clamp and apply tape for the cups to stick to. If you don't have tape, you may use your hands to clean the suction cups and warm them up to help them stick. Add a comment
Step 8 Insert an opening pick Use a hair dryer or heat gun to heat the bottom edge of the screen until it's hot to the touch. Be careful not to heat the phone hotter than this—the battery is susceptible to heat damage. Wait up to a minute for the adhesive to separate and a gap to form between the screen and the frame. If a gap doesn't appear after one minute, apply more heat and rotate the handle a quarter turn. Let the Anti-Clamp and time do the work for you. Insert an opening pick into the gap. Remove the Anti-Clamp using the pull tabs on the suction cups. Skip the next two steps. Add a comment
Step 9 Heat the bottom edge Use a hair dryer or heat gun to heat the bottom edge of the screen until it's hot to the touch. Be careful not to heat the phone hotter than this—the battery is susceptible to heat damage. Add a comment
Step 10 Insert an opening pick Apply a suction handle to the bottom edge of the screen. Pull up on the handle with a strong, steady force to create a gap between the screen and the frame. Insert the tip of an opening pick into the gap. Add a comment
Step 11 Screen information As you slice the adhesive securing the screen in the next steps, be careful of the following areas: There are two delicate cables connecting the screen to the phone: one just above the action button, and the other near the middle of the left edge. There are multiple spring contacts around the perimeter of the phone. Be extra careful not to insert your pick deeper than suggested in these locations to avoid bending the contacts. Add a comment
Step 12 Separate the bottom edge adhesive Don't insert your opening pick deeper than 3 mm along the bottom edge. Slide your pick back and forth along the bottom edge to separate the adhesive. Leave your pick inserted in the bottom right corner to prevent the adhesive from re-sealing. Add a comment
Step 13 Heat the right edge Heat the right edge of the screen until it's hot to the touch. Add a comment
Step 14 Position the opening pick Don't insert your pick deeper than 5 mm along the right edge. Slide your pick around the bottom right corner of the screen and toward the power button until you feel a hard stop at a clip securing the screen. Rotate your pick so the flat edge is under the screen. Add a comment
Step 15 Release the right clip Twist the pick to increase the gap between the screen and the frame until the right clip releases. Insert a second opening pick to the right of the first pick. Add a comment
Step 16 Separate the right edge adhesive Slide the first pick back to the bottom right corner of the screen. Slide the second pick to the top right corner of the screen to separate the adhesive. Leave these picks inserted to prevent the adhesive from resealing. Add a comment
Step 17 Heat the top edge Heat the top edge of the screen until it's hot to the touch. Add a comment
Step 18 Separate the top edge adhesive Don't insert your pick deeper than 3 mm along the top edge. Slide your pick around the top right corner and along the top edge to release the two clips and adhesive securing it. Add a comment
Step 19 Heat the left edge Heat the left edge of the screen until it's hot to the touch. Add a comment
Step 20 Separate the left edge adhesive Don't insert your pick deeper than 2 mm along the left edge to avoid the two cables connecting the screen to the phone. Rotate your pick around the top left corner of the screen. Slide your pick to the bottom left corner of the screen to separate the adhesive. Add a comment
Step 21 Prop up the screen Place a small box or stack of books to the left of your phone so you can prop up the screen while disconnecting its cables. Swing up the right edge of the screen like the front cover of a book. If the screen feels stuck, go back around the perimeter with an opening pick to separate any remaining adhesive. Prop up the screen so you can access its cables without straining them. Add a comment
Step 22 Unfasten the logic board cover Use a Y000 screwdriver to remove the six screws securing the logic board cover: Four 1.6 mm‑long screws Two 1.3 mm‑long screws Add a comment
Step 23 Remove the logic board cover Rotate the bottom of the logic board cover counterclockwise and slide the top left corner out from under the ambient light sensor cable to remove it. During reassembly, make sure the top left corner of the cover goes under the ambient light sensor cable. Add a comment
Step 24 Disconnect the battery Use the tip of an opening pick to pry up and disconnect the battery press connector from the bottom right corner of the logic board. To reconnect a press connector, align it over its socket and gently press down on one side until it clicks into place, then press down on the other side. Make sure it sits flat, as the insulating rubber around the sockets might prevent it from connecting fully. Add a comment
Step 25 Disconnect the screen Use the tip of an opening pick to pry up and disconnect the screen cable from the center of the logic board. Add a comment
Step 26 Disconnect the ambient light sensor Gently slide the tip of an opening pick under the ambient light sensor cable near the top left corner of the logic board. Lift the cable to disconnect it. Add a comment
Step 27 Remove the screen Remove the screen. During reassembly, follow this guide to apply new adhesive and install your screen. Be careful not to damage any of the spring contacts as you clean the frame. Add a comment
Step 28 Unfasten the loudspeaker Use a Phillips #000 screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the loudspeaker: One 2.7 mm‑long screw Three 2 mm‑long screws Add a comment
Step 29 Remove the loudspeaker A plastic buffer is adhered to the top edges of the loudspeaker and Taptic Engine. Lift the bottom edge of the loudspeaker until you can grab it with your fingers. Peel the loudspeaker from the plastic buffer on its top edge and remove it. Add a comment
Step 30 Disconnect the Taptic Engine Use the point of a spudger to pry up and disconnect the Taptic Engine press connector. Add a comment
Step 31 Unfasten the Taptic Engine Use a Phillips #000 screwdriver to remove the two 2 mm‑long screws securing the Taptic Engine. Add a comment
Step 32 Remove the Taptic Engine Remove the Taptic Engine. Add a comment
Step 33 Adhesive information Three sections of stretch release adhesive secure the battery to the frame—two along the bottom and one on top. Each strip has a black pull tab at its end, which is lightly adhered to the edge of the battery. In the following steps, you'll pull each tab out from underneath the battery. The strips loosen when stretched, but might break off before you can fully remove them, especially the top edge strip. If any break, don't worry! Keep reading for an alternate way to remove the battery. Add a comment
Step 34 Separate the pull tabs TOOL USED ON THIS STEP: Precision Tweezers €4.95 Buy Don't puncture or dent the battery with your tool, as it can leak dangerous chemicals or catch fire if damaged. Use the tip of an opening pick to gently unstick an edge of an adhesive pull tab from the edge of the battery. Use blunt nose tweezers to grip the edge of the pull tab and pull it completely off the edge of the battery. Repeat for the other two pull tabs. Add a comment
Step 35 Remove the stretch release adhesive Pull one of the pull tabs out from under the battery until you can grip it with your fingers or wrap it around your tool. Hold the phone steady using the edges of the frame—don't press down on the battery. Pull the strip slowly, evenly, and at a low angle without dragging on other components. Continue pulling, re-gripping or wrapping it around your tool as you go, until the strip fully releases from under the battery. If the strip breaks off, try to retrieve it. If you can't grip it from under the battery, move on to the next step. Repeat this step for the other two strips. Add a comment
Step 36 Alternate method to remove the battery If you removed all three stretch release adhesive strips, congratulations—you can now remove the battery! If not, follow the next two steps to separate the adhesive with isopropyl alcohol and a plastic card. If the top strip remains, prop up the top edge of the phone. If either of the bottom strips remain, prop up the left edge of the phone (the side with the volume buttons). Use a pipette or syringe to apply a few drops of highly-concentrated isopropyl alcohol (over 90%) to the elevated edge of the battery. Wait one minute for the isopropyl alcohol to flow under the battery and soften the adhesive. Add a comment
Step 37 Pry up the battery TOOL USED ON THIS STEP: Plastic Cards €2.95 Buy Don't bend or crease your battery. If the adhesive feels stubborn, apply a few more drops of isopropyl alcohol and try again. Insert the short edge of a plastic card between the bottom edge of the battery and the frame. Be careful not to scrape the frame underneath the battery—the wireless charging coil is exposed near the center. Gently pry up the battery until the adhesive fully separates. Depending on how strong your adhesive is, this may take some time. Allow up to a minute of constant pressure for the adhesive to loosen. Add a comment
Step 38 Remove the battery TOOL USED ON THIS STEP: Stretch Release Battery Adhesive €3.95 Buy Remove the battery. To install a new battery: Clean your frame with isopropyl alcohol and a lint-free or microfiber cloth. Before applying adhesive, temporarily reconnect your new battery and place it in its recess to check if it fits and that the cable reaches the socket on the logic board. Disconnect the battery before continuing. Check out this guide to apply new stretch release adhesive strips to your battery, if it doesn't already come with adhesive installed. If you don't have stretch release adhesive, use thin, double-sided tape to secure it. Add a comment
