Step 1 Inspect your charging port Shine a flashlight into your charging port and inspect it for any large blockages. A buildup of dust, grime, and lint inside the port can prevent the connector from fitting properly in the port. Follow the guide normally to work your way through each procedure to thoroughly clean your port. Alternatively, click the links below to jump to a specific cleaning method: Using a dust blower Using a brush Using isopropyl alcohol Between cleanings, reinspect the charging port for any remaining blockages or missed spots. Add a comment
Step 2 Blow air into the charging port TOOL USED ON THIS STEP: Dust Blower £4.99 Buy Don't use your mouth to blow into your charging port, as the moisture from your breath can damage the contacts. Point the tip of a dust blower, or the nozzle of compressed air, at one corner of the charging port. This gives room for any debris to eject out of the charging port. Blow a few puffs of air into the charging port. Plug in your iPhone to check if it charges and if the charger is fully seated. If your iPhone isn't charging or seats properly, unplug it and repeat the blowing process. If your iPhone still doesn't charge or sits properly after multiple repetitions, move to the next step. Add a comment
Step 3 Brush your charging port Don't use any metal tools to clean the port, as you risk damaging the port. Insert the head of a brush, like a dry toothbrush, into the charging port. Gently turn the brush in small circles to break up any clumped debris. Remove the brush and use a dust blower or compressed air to blow out any debris. If any debris is stuck, reinsert the brush and rotate it to let the hairs "scoop" out any debris. Plug in your iPhone and check if it's charging. If it's still not charging, move on to the next step. One comment
Step 4 Clean the charging port with isopropyl alcohol Follow this guide to make a custom cotton swab. You can also use dental picks with barbed tips (non-flavored). You can use a normal cotton swab, but most are too thick and have loose cotton that can snag on the pins. Apply a few drops of highly-concentrated isopropyl alcohol (>90%) to the cotton. Insert your tool into the charging port. Don't force the tool into the charging port, as you risk bending the pins. Slide the tool back and forth along the charging port to clean it. Wait a few minutes for the isopropyl alcohol to evaporate before plugging in your iPhone and testing it. Add a comment
Step 5 Test your iPhone Plug in your iPhone and check if it's charging: If your iPhone is charging, congratulations! If your iPhone isn't charging, repeat the isopropyl alcohol cleaning process. If your iPhone still isn't charging after multiple cleaning attempts, and you confirmed with a flashlight that there's no debris, you may need to replace the charging port. To replace your charging port, go to this page, find your iPhone's model, and follow the respective charging port guide for detailed instructions. Add a comment
