Step 1 Prepare your phone for disassembly Allow your phone's battery to drain below 25%, as a charged lithium-ion battery is a potential safety hazard. Unplug any cables from your phone. Hold the power and either volume buttons and slide to power off your phone. Add a comment
Step 2 Tape over any cracks If your screen or back glass is badly cracked, lay overlapping strips of packing tape over the glass to protect yourself and make disassembly easier. Make sure there's a smooth area near the bottom edge that's big enough for a suction cup to stick to. Add a comment
Step 3 Mark your opening picks If inserted too far, an opening pick can damage your device. Follow this step to mark your pick and prevent damage. Measure 3 mm from the tip and mark the opening pick with a permanent marker. You can also mark the other corners of the pick with different measurements. Alternatively, tape a coin to a pick 3 mm from the tip. 11 comments
Step 4 Remove the pentalobe screws Use a P2 pentalobe driver to remove the two 7.7 mm-long screws on either side of the charging port. Add a comment
Step 5 Secure the screen TOOL USED ON THIS STEP: Clampy - Anti-Clamp £21.99 Buy The next four steps demonstrate the Anti-Clamp, a tool we designed to make the opening procedure easier. If you aren't using the Anti-Clamp, skip down four steps for an alternate method. For complete instructions on how to use the Anti-Clamp, check out this guide. The Anti-Clamp applies suction to both the screen and the back glass. To open only the back glass, you need to secure the screen with tape. You can also check out the full instructions on how to use this tape. Cut two strips of tape, apply them along the long edges of the phone, and fold them over the screen to secure it. Add a comment
Step 6 Secure an Anti-Clamp Pull the Anti-Clamp's blue handle backward to unlock the arms. With the back glass facing up, slide the arms over the right edge of your phone, with one suction cup on the back glass and the other on the screen. Center the suction cups near the bottom edge. Support your phone so it rests level while between the Anti-Clamp's arms—a small box works well. Squeeze the cups together to create suction. If you find that the surface of your phone is too slippery for the Anti-Clamp to hold onto, use tape to create a grippier surface. Add a comment
Step 7 Pull the blue handle forward to lock the arms. Turn the handle one full turn (360 degrees) or until the cups start to stretch. As the cups stretch, make sure they stay vertically aligned with each other. If they keep slipping, remove the Anti-Clamp and apply tape for the cups to stick to. If you don't have tape, you may warm up the suction cups to help them stick. Add a comment
Step 8 Insert an opening pick Use a hair dryer or heat gun to heat the bottom edge of the back glass until it's hot to the touch. Be careful not to heat the phone hotter than this—the battery is susceptible to heat damage. Wait up to a minute for the adhesive to separate and a gap to form between the back glass and the frame. If a gap doesn't appear after one minute, apply more heat and rotate the handle a quarter turn. Let the Anti-Clamp and time do the work for you. Insert an opening pick into the gap. Remove the Anti-Clamp using the pull tabs on the suction cups. Skip the next two steps. Add a comment
Step 9 Heat the bottom edge Use a hair dryer or heat gun to heat the bottom edge of the back glass until it's hot to the touch. Be careful not to heat the phone hotter than this—the battery is susceptible to heat damage. Add a comment
Step 10 Insert an opening pick Apply a suction handle to the bottom edge of the back glass. Pull up on the handle with a strong, steady force to create a gap between the back glass and the frame. Insert the tip of an opening pick into the gap. Add a comment
Step 11 Back glass information As you slice the adhesive securing the back glass in the next steps, be careful of the following areas: There's a delicate cable connecting the back glass to the phone, right next to the volume up button. Don't insert your pick here to avoid slicing the cable. There are multiple spring contacts around the perimeter of the phone. Be extra careful not to insert your pick deeper than suggested in each step to avoid bending these contacts. Add a comment
Step 12 Separate the bottom edge adhesive Don't insert your opening pick deeper than 5 mm along the bottom edge. Slide your pick back and forth along the bottom edge to separate the adhesive. Leave your pick inserted in the bottom right corner to prevent the adhesive from re-sealing. Add a comment
Step 13 Heat the right edge Heat the right edge of the back glass until it's hot to the touch. Add a comment
Step 14 Separate the bottom right corner adhesive Don't insert your pick deeper than 7 mm along the right edge. Rotate your pick around the bottom right corner and slide it halfway up the right edge or until you feel a hard stop at a clip securing the back glass. Don't slice near the volume buttons to avoid damaging the wireless charging cable. Leave this pick inserted to prevent the adhesive from resealing. Add a comment
Step 15 Heat the left edge Heat the left edge of the back glass until it's hot to the touch. Add a comment
Step 16 Separate the left edge adhesive Don't insert your pick deeper than 5 mm along the left edge. Insert a second opening pick at the bottom edge. Rotate the second pick around the bottom left corner. Slide this pick up to the top left corner to separate the adhesive. Leave this pick inserted to prevent the adhesive from resealing. Add a comment
Step 17 Heat the top edge Heat the top edge of the back glass until it's hot to the touch. Add a comment
Step 18 Separate the top edge adhesive Don't insert your pick deeper than 3 mm along the top edge. Rotate your second opening pick around the top left corner and slide it to the top right corner to separate the adhesive. You might hear and feel clicks as the top two clips release. Leave this pick in place to prevent the adhesive from resealing. Add a comment
Step 19 Heat the top right corner Heat the top right corner of the back glass until it's hot to the touch. Add a comment
Step 20 Separate the top right corner adhesive Don't insert your pick deeper than 4 mm along the right edge. Rotate the second opening pick around the top right corner and slide it to the volume up button to separate the adhesive. Add a comment
Step 21 Swing open the back glass Gently swing open the back glass to the right of the phone. If the back glass feels stuck, go back around the perimeter to check for missed sections of adhesive or stuck clips. Rest the back glass against a raised surface so it doesn't strain the cable. Add a comment
Step 22 Unfasten the lower connector cover TOOL USED ON THIS STEP: FixMat £34.99 Buy Throughout this repair, keep track of each screw and make sure it goes back exactly where it came from. Use a tri-point Y000 driver to remove the two 1.3 mm-long screws securing the lower connector cover. Add a comment
Step 23 Remove the lower connector cover TOOL USED ON THIS STEP: Precision Tweezers £4.99 Buy Use tweezers to slide the cover toward the top of the phone to unlatch it from the logic board. Remove the cover. During reassembly, latch the top edge of the cover onto its slot on the logic board before securing it with its screw. Add a comment
Step 24 Hold the back glass upright with one hand and rotate the bottom edge to the left to reveal the battery press connector just below the volume buttons. Use the tip of an opening pick to pry up and disconnect the battery press connector from the logic board. A plus and minus sign is printed on the head of this connector. To reconnect a press connector, align it over its socket and gently press down on one side until it clicks into place, then press down on the other side. Make sure it sits flat, as the insulating rubber around the sockets might prevent it from connecting fully. Add a comment
Step 25 Unfasten the middle connector cover Use your tri-point Y000 driver to remove the 0.9 mm-long screw securing the middle connector cover. Add a comment
Step 26 Remove the cover Use the flat end of a spudger or your finger to push the cover toward the bottom of the phone and unclip its top edge. Remove the cover. During reassembly, place the cover so its tab is just behind the clip on the logic board. Press down with one finger and slide the cover forward to engage the clip. Add a comment
Step 27 Disconnect the wireless charging coil Use an opening pick to pry up and disconnect the wireless charging coil and NFC connector. Add a comment
Step 28 Remove the back glass. During reassembly: This is a good point to test your repair before sealing up your phone. Temporarily reconnect the battery and back glass, power on your phone, and make sure it works as expected. Power it back down and continue reassembly. Use this guide to reapply adhesive and install your back glass. Add a comment
Step 29 Separate the battery cable Light adhesive secures the battery cable to the logic board. Slide an opening pick under the battery cable to separate it from the logic board. Be careful not to crease the cable or dent the battery with your tool. Add a comment
Step 30 Peel up a corner of the pull tabs TOOL USED ON THIS STEP: Precision Tweezers £4.99 Buy Your iPhone's battery is secured with two stretch release adhesive strips. The next four steps show how to remove them and free your battery. Be careful not to dent or puncture the battery, and avoid using sharp tools near it. Use the tip of an opening pick to scrape up an edge of each stretch release pull tab from the top of the battery until you can grip the tab with blunt nose tweezers. Add a comment
Step 31 Peel up the pull tabs Use blunt nose tweezers to grip a pull tab and peel it from the battery. Don't try to pull the tab out from under the battery just yet. Repeat for the other pull tab. Add a comment
Step 32 Free the top edge of the battery The stretch release adhesive wraps around the top edge of the battery, and must be separated before you remove the strips. Hold one of the pull tabs away from the battery with tweezers. Use an opening pick to slice the adhesive securing the strip to the top edge of the battery. Repeat for the other pull tab. Add a comment
Step 33 Remove the stretch release adhesive Use your blunt nose tweezers to grip the entire length of an adhesive strip's pull tab. Twist your tweezers to roll the adhesive strip over itself and pull it slowly, evenly, and at a low angle out from under the battery. Give the strip plenty of time to stretch. Avoid dragging it over cables or components as you pull. If you're using your fingers, re-grip the strip often to avoid it stretching unevenly and tearing. Repeat for the other strip. If a strip breaks off, try to retrieve it from under the battery. If you can't retrieve it, don't worry! Move on to the next step for an alternate method. Add a comment
Step 34 Alternate method to remove the battery If you removed both stretch release adhesive strips, congratulations—you can now remove the battery! If not, follow the next three steps to remove it with isopropyl alcohol and a plastic card. Prop up the right edge of the phone (the side with the volume buttons). Use a pipette or syringe to apply a few drops of highly-concentrated isopropyl alcohol (over 90%) to the inside edge of the battery. Prop up the top edge of the phone and repeat this for the upper edge of the battery. Wait one minute for the isopropyl alcohol to flow under the battery and soften the adhesive. Add a comment
Step 35 Insert a plastic card TOOL USED ON THIS STEP: Plastic Cards £2.99 Buy Don't bend or crease your battery. If it feels stubborn, apply a few more drops of isopropyl alcohol and try again. Insert the long edge of a plastic card between the left edge of the battery and the frame. Hold the phone steady and pry the battery up. Depending on how strong your adhesive is, this may take some time. Allow up to a minute of constant pressure for the adhesive to loosen. Add a comment
Step 36 Pry up the battery Slide the plastic card deeper under the battery until you can pry it up. Lift the battery until you can grab it with your fingers. Add a comment
Step 37 Remove the battery TOOL USED ON THIS STEP: Stretch Release Battery Adhesive £3.99 Buy Remove the battery. To install a new battery: Clean your frame with isopropyl alcohol and a lint-free or microfiber cloth. Before applying adhesive, temporarily reconnect your new battery and place it in its recess to check if it fits and that the cable reaches the socket on the logic board. Disconnect the battery before continuing. If your replacement battery doesn't come with adhesive pre-installed, follow this guide to apply new stretch release adhesive strips. If you don't have stretch release adhesive, use thin, double-sided tape to secure it. Add a comment
